hello guys i'm continuing right away
because you have to see when the game
let's say when the game let's you say
there's no save options or nothing
I'm just tickling them okay unless the
coiler a bit more Oh
nice wait until the last minute and yeah
and the thugs are out
well spider-man's got some nice details
actually but the rest of the game looks
awful Activision yeah in-game
advertisement go oh well of course
spider-man's not limited by gravity
they're just common sense oh no he's got
a club or me
so there's no to attack that means
nothing you just click and he's gonna do
well I don't know that's a combo but
it's a good thing the police can set up
this these containment fields and 20
minutes know that minutes yeah 10
minutes New York's get some police
department Plus spider-man nobody can
touch mirror or Chris
we all just get along
I know what you're thinking how did
rhino and Doc Ock get mixed together
well ask that division yeah
wrong click oh nice
I don't know three thugs whoa that's an
extra power oh there
hmm I guess I got to go there
place the swings and
ok
to come to the bank with me it's my
pleasure at me I'll make some time to
study later I hope you don't spend too
much time cutting classes of course not
I'm a model student sorry I don't feel
well will you excuse me of course honey
I'll be right here oh yeah bang scene
first things first gotta find out okay
when did the hawk organize a bank heist
as I recall the movie he was alone he
worded
and makes no difference whatsoever
another glitch okay this game Jeff is
just awful okay
Oh another robber and another glitch
okay
oh yeah
one hit one kill
um
ok
long
the camera can be annoying look for the
security guard stuck on the something
for tomorrow the security doors no help
to promote hope this key card a music
two opposites living room
so you can open this up in four doors
security guard stuck on the seventh
floor got it
and yet another glitch
okay second floor
what
oh he's over there
hmm
and
spider-man's dangerous I can't wait to
see the train sequence let's click to
use come on
thanks spider mom
and he just wanted
oh man okay okay I'm gonna continue
right away but in the next video